= redmine_simple_support

Allows linking Redmine issues to external resources like a third party bug tracker or support system.

== Features

* Enter multiple support urls on each issue
* Basic text substitution for support ticket ids (https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/issues/3902)
* Issue filter for searching for support urls on the issues list
* Permissions to control viewing or editing support urls

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/redmine-simple-sup/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/redmine_simple_support]

== Installation and Setup

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins 
2. Run the plugin migrations +rake db:migrate_plugins+
3. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)

== Usage

1. Configure your Base Url to be used under Admin > Plugins > Configure.
2. Configure the Roles and Permissions you want to use. Admin > Roles and Permissions > Permissions Report > Simple support
3. Enable the Simple Support module for each project that will use it. Project Settings > Modules
4. On each issue form, there will now be a Support Urls field that can take a list of support urls. Multiple urls can be entered; put a comma, new line, or space in between each one.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

